So let's just hop into it.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
make a new file in the utils folder.
I'm gonna call it AI.
So there's a lot I can talk
about with the AI stuff.
So I'm gonna give a primer on some of
the technologies that we'll be using.
I'll give a demo of how to do a very basic
example of some of these technologies and
then we'll actually implement
what we just talked about,
that way you have some context
of what what is going on.
Okay, anyone here knows what an LLM is?
All right, anyone wanna explain that?
>> Just like a basic level
language learning model.
It's like a.
It's like an algorithm.
It's heuristics, trains itself on datasets
and learns, selects best responses.
So it needs some sort of input
to actually work on, and
then it also needs input to shape
how it weights its responses.
>> Yeah, that's pretty accurate.
So LLM stands for large language model.
But what you just said
also makes sense too.
But yeah, everything else,
pretty accurate.
So there was this whitepaper that came
out not too long ago called Transformers.
Well, it was on a topic of
something called Transformers.
The best way I can describe Transformers
is it's a different architecture for
neural networks.
If you don't know what a neural
network is, that's totally fine.
It's actually a really great exercise
to go through and build one yourself.
It sounds scary, but it's actually not.
You can go watch YouTube video on building
your own neural network from scratch in
JavaScript, and
it's a really good example.
But basically, a neural network is like
our best guess of how our brains work and
then converted that to code.
It's something that can take in inputs and
then, through training,
can do some type of prediction on and
output, right?
In this case, these neural networks
that are inside these LLMs can
take in something like a prompt,
like an input, like you said, and
then output something that sounds,
not even truthy,
something that sounds like
a human would say it.
And that's because these neural networks
are trained on the entire Internet,
at least the one that
we're gonna be using.
It's literally trained
on the entire Internet.
So everything that is publicly
available on the Internet, it has seen,
so it can make plausible predictions based
off what it thinks the next word might be.
So Transformers, that is a different
type of neural network architecture that
allows the neural network to basically
observe an entire sentence versus
before they could only look at the
previous word to predict the next word.
Now you can look at the entire
input to predict the next word, and
it's somewhat recursive, and that allows
it to be way better at predicting things.
And that's kinda the new advancement that
was created that's enabled all this stuff
with generative AI, right?
It's really just that paper
called Transformers, and
I think the paper is called
Attention Is All You Need.
Attention is All, or something like that.
>> That's it, yeah.
>> Yeah, Attention Is All You Need, yep.
So if you read this, yeah,
if you read that whitepaper,
you'll either probably be really confused,
which I was a million times.
I actually fed the whitepaper to
the AI and asked it questions like,
can you explain this to me?
So, yeah,
highly recommend checking that out.
But anyway,
I wanted to give you that primer.
I think it's just giving you enough
that if you wanna look that up and
learn more about it, you can look it up.
Okay, so now that you know LLM is,
some of the bigger ones out
there are the one created by,
you probably heard of this one,
created by OpenAI, and it's called GPT.
So GPT stands for, The T in GPT stands for
transformer, so
it's a generative pre-trained transformer.
That's literally all it is,
it's actually quite powerful.
I don't know why I'm just
putting it down like that.
But yeah, we're gonna be using
GPT which is a hosted LLM.
We don't have to,
bringing that down to our computer,
if you wanted to run an LLM on your
machine, you would need a GPU, basically.
Most Macs could probably run a decent LLM,
the problem is you're not gonna get
something as big and
powerful as GPT on your machine.
But there are tons of other
open source LLMs out there that
are single-purposely built
to do specific things.
GPT is kinda like the Walmart of LLM,
so it kinda just does everything.
And it's massive, it's huge.
But if you want arts and crafts, you could
go to Walmart, but you could go to arts
and crafts store that's a little smaller
and has the thing you specifically need.
So, there's tons of these coming out.
This is the one that we're gonna use.
It's just an API.
You don't need to know anything about
it other than how to make an API call.
Okay, now the other thing is, I don't
know if you had any experience with AI,
but you have to interface with a prompt,
right?
And a prompt is basically,
you can think of it as a command or
an ask or a question, but
it also comes down to trying to understand
the limitations of something like GPT and
what it can and cannot do.
And you have to figure out how to steer
it in a direction to get the results that
you want.
And that's a whole job on its own.
It's prompt engineering,
something that I recommend everyone
at least taking a course
on if you're technical.
So, we will be talking about some of that.
And then the last thing, so
we can finally get into the code,
is something called LangChain.
So, we'll be using this a lot.
So LangChain is,
it's pretty much the number
one framework right now for
using AI or LLMs.
It's like an SDK for LLMs, basically.
It's mostly built in Python, we won't
be using a Python version because they
also have a JavaScript version, and
that is pretty much in feature parody
with the Python version,
at least for what we need.
There are like some things that
are in Python that aren't in
the JavaScript version.
But it's like really advanced
bleeding edge stuff.
So we don't really care about it.
We'll be using this.
It's js.langchain.com.
And basically the LangChain,
like I said, it's just an SDK,
it interface with pretty much every LLM.
We'll be using an interface with OpenAI.
It's a quite sophisticated product.
You can do some pretty interesting stuff,
as you'll soon find out.
And yeah, any questions on all that stuff?
And that was so high level.
This was basically like
standing on the USS,
the International Space Station,
and looking down at a penny.
That's how high level this was.
So [LAUGH] I glanced over a lot of stuff,
but I just wanted to
make sure you have that.